## Abstract
Separating the sounds of different instruments that compose a mixture has received great attention in the signal processing society. Yet, the task of separating sounds generated by the same type of instruments, e.g., the sounds of two guitars considered here, is much less explored. Such guitar mixtures are common in pop/rock songs, so being able to separate them has useful downstream applications. As the first attempt towards this task, we consider in this work sound mixtures of various synthetic acoustic and electric guitar timbres. Moreover, we approach this task with a score-informed setting, aiming to build a model that isolates out the sound source whose underlying musical score is given, regardless of the timbre of this target sound source. In other words, the model is built in a hope to be applicable to arbitrary guitar timbres, so as to deal with the rich diversity in timbre seen in guitar music. Specifically, we develop a score-informed version of Open-Unmix, and test its sensitivity to guitar timbre with five separation scenarios. This involves the case of unseen guitar timbres, and the case when the two guitars in the mixture have exactly the same timbre. Our experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our design.

### Demo audio
Audio in the same row share identical first 4 bars prompt. ***No grooving*** and ***Hard grooving***  model are asked to generate 16-bar continuations based on the prompt input.

|   |Real data|No grooving|Hard grooving|
|1.|<audio src="result/real data/0.wav" controls="" preload=""></audio>|<audio src="result/no grooving/0.wav" controls="" preload=""></audio>|<audio src="result/hard grooving/0.wav" controls="" preload=""></audio>|
|2.|<audio src="result/real data/1.wav" controls="" preload=""></audio>|<audio src="result/no grooving/1.wav" controls="" preload=""></audio>|<audio src="result/hard grooving/1.wav" controls="" preload=""></audio>|
|3.|<audio src="result/real data/2.wav" controls="" preload=""></audio>|<audio src="result/no grooving/2.wav" controls="" preload=""></audio>|<audio src="result/hard grooving/2.wav" controls="" preload=""></audio>|
|4.|<audio src="result/real data/3.wav" controls="" preload=""></audio>|<audio src="result/no grooving/3.wav" controls="" preload=""></audio>|<audio src="result/hard grooving/3.wav" controls="" preload=""></audio>|
|5.|<audio src="result/real data/4.wav" controls="" preload=""></audio>|<audio src="result/no grooving/4.wav" controls="" preload=""></audio>|<audio src="result/hard grooving/4.wav" controls="" preload=""></audio>|

### Contact 
Chia-Ho Hsiung chiahohsiung@gmail.com or ch3472@columbia.edu
